now Naaman commander of the army of the
now Naaman commander of the army of the king of Syria was a great and honorable
king of Syria was a great and honorable
king of Syria was a great and honorable man
man
man in the eyes of his master because by him
in the eyes of his master because by him
in the eyes of his master because by him the Lord had given victory to Syria he
the Lord had given victory to Syria he
the Lord had given victory to Syria he was also a mighty man of Valor but a
was also a mighty man of Valor but a
was also a mighty man of Valor but a leper and the Syrians had gone out on
leper and the Syrians had gone out on
leper and the Syrians had gone out on raids and had brought back captive a
raids and had brought back captive a
raids and had brought back captive a young girl from the Land of Israel
young girl from the Land of Israel
young girl from the Land of Israel she waited on Naamans wife then she said
she waited on Naamans wife then she said
she waited on Naamans wife then she said to her mistress
to her mistress
to her mistress if only my master were with the Prophet
if only my master were with the Prophet
if only my master were with the Prophet who was in Samaria for he would heal him
who was in Samaria for he would heal him
who was in Samaria for he would heal him of his leprosy and Naaman went in and
of his leprosy and Naaman went in and
of his leprosy and Naaman went in and told his master thus and thus said the
told his master thus and thus said the
told his master thus and thus said the girl who is from the land of Israel then
girl who is from the land of Israel then
girl who is from the land of Israel then the king of Syria said go now I will
the king of Syria said go now I will
the king of Syria said go now I will send a letter to the king of Israel so
send a letter to the king of Israel so
send a letter to the king of Israel so he departed and took with him ten
he departed and took with him ten
he departed and took with him ten talents of silver six thousand shekels
talents of silver six thousand shekels
talents of silver six thousand shekels of gold and ten changes of clothing then
of gold and ten changes of clothing then
of gold and ten changes of clothing then he brought the letter to the king of
he brought the letter to the king of
he brought the letter to the king of Israel which said now be advised when
Israel which said now be advised when
Israel which said now be advised when this letter comes to you that I have
this letter comes to you that I have
this letter comes to you that I have sent name and my servant to you that you
sent name and my servant to you that you
sent name and my servant to you that you may heal him of his leprosy and it
may heal him of his leprosy and it
may heal him of his leprosy and it happened when the king of Israel read
happened when the king of Israel read
happened when the king of Israel read the letter that he tore his clothes and
the letter that he tore his clothes and
the letter that he tore his clothes and said am i God to kill and make alive
said am i God to kill and make alive
said am i God to kill and make alive that this man sends a man to me to heal
that this man sends a man to me to heal
that this man sends a man to me to heal him of his leprosy
him of his leprosy
him of his leprosy therefore please consider and see how he
therefore please consider and see how he
therefore please consider and see how he seeks a quarrel with me so it was when
seeks a quarrel with me so it was when
seeks a quarrel with me so it was when Elisha the man of God heard that the
Elisha the man of God heard that the
Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes that
king of Israel had torn his clothes that
king of Israel had torn his clothes that he sent to the king
[Music]
[Music] why have you torn your clothes please
why have you torn your clothes please
why have you torn your clothes please let him come to me and he shall know
let him come to me and he shall know
let him come to me and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel then
that there is a prophet in Israel then
that there is a prophet in Israel then Naaman went with his horses and chariot
Naaman went with his horses and chariot
Naaman went with his horses and chariot and he stood at the door of Elijah's
and he stood at the door of Elijah's
and he stood at the door of Elijah's house and Elijah sent a messenger to him
house and Elijah sent a messenger to him
house and Elijah sent a messenger to him go and wash in the Jordan seven times
go and wash in the Jordan seven times
go and wash in the Jordan seven times and your flesh shall be restored to you
and your flesh shall be restored to you
and your flesh shall be restored to you and you shall be clean but Naaman became
and you shall be clean but Naaman became
and you shall be clean but Naaman became furious and went away
furious and went away
furious and went away indeed I said to myself he will surely
indeed I said to myself he will surely
indeed I said to myself he will surely come out to me and stand and call on the
come out to me and stand and call on the
come out to me and stand and call on the name of the Lord his God and wave his
name of the Lord his God and wave his
name of the Lord his God and wave his hand over the place and heal the leprosy
hand over the place and heal the leprosy
hand over the place and heal the leprosy are not a benign and a far part of the
are not a benign and a far part of the
are not a benign and a far part of the rivers of Damascus better than all the
rivers of Damascus better than all the
rivers of Damascus better than all the waters of Israel could I not wash in
waters of Israel could I not wash in
waters of Israel could I not wash in them and be clean so he turned and went
them and be clean so he turned and went
them and be clean so he turned and went away in a rage and his sevenths came
away in a rage and his sevenths came
away in a rage and his sevenths came near and spoke to him my father if the
near and spoke to him my father if the
near and spoke to him my father if the prophet had told you to do something
prophet had told you to do something
prophet had told you to do something great would you not have done it how
great would you not have done it how
great would you not have done it how much more then when he says to you wash
much more then when he says to you wash
much more then when he says to you wash and be clean so he went down and dipped
and be clean so he went down and dipped
and be clean so he went down and dipped seven times in the Jordan according to
seven times in the Jordan according to
seven times in the Jordan according to the saying of the man of God and his
the saying of the man of God and his
the saying of the man of God and his flesh was restored like the flesh of a
flesh was restored like the flesh of a
flesh was restored like the flesh of a little child and he was clean and he
little child and he was clean and he
little child and he was clean and he returned to the man of God he and all
returned to the man of God he and all
returned to the man of God he and all his aides and came and stood before him
his aides and came and stood before him
his aides and came and stood before him indeed now I know that there is no God
indeed now I know that there is no God
indeed now I know that there is no God in all the earth except in Israel now
in all the earth except in Israel now
in all the earth except in Israel now therefore please take a gift from your
therefore please take a gift from your
therefore please take a gift from your servant as the Lord lives before whom I
servant as the Lord lives before whom I
servant as the Lord lives before whom I stand I will receive nothing and he
stand I will receive nothing and he
stand I will receive nothing and he urged him to take it but he refused then
urged him to take it but he refused then
urged him to take it but he refused then if not please let your servant be given
if not please let your servant be given
if not please let your servant be given to mule loads of Earth for your servant
to mule loads of Earth for your servant
to mule loads of Earth for your servant will no longer offer either burnt
will no longer offer either burnt
will no longer offer either burnt offering or sacrifice to other gods but
offering or sacrifice to other gods but
offering or sacrifice to other gods but to the Lord
to the Lord
to the Lord yet and this thing may the Lord pardon
yet and this thing may the Lord pardon
yet and this thing may the Lord pardon your servant when my master goes into
your servant when my master goes into
your servant when my master goes into the temple of women to worship there and
the temple of women to worship there and
the temple of women to worship there and he leans on my hand when I vowed to
he leans on my hand when I vowed to
he leans on my hand when I vowed to hound in a temple of women
hound in a temple of women
hound in a temple of women may the Lord please pardon your servant
may the Lord please pardon your servant
may the Lord please pardon your servant and this thing go in peace so he
and this thing go in peace so he
and this thing go in peace so he departed from him a short distance but
departed from him a short distance but
departed from him a short distance but jaha's I the servant of Elijah the man
jaha's I the servant of Elijah the man
jaha's I the servant of Elijah the man of God said look my master has spared
of God said look my master has spared
of God said look my master has spared namin this Syrian while not receiving
namin this Syrian while not receiving
namin this Syrian while not receiving from his hands what he brought but as
from his hands what he brought but as
from his hands what he brought but as the Lord lives I will run after him and
the Lord lives I will run after him and
the Lord lives I will run after him and take something from him so gay haze I
take something from him so gay haze I
take something from him so gay haze I pursued now when a man saw him running
pursued now when a man saw him running
pursued now when a man saw him running after him he got down from the chariot
after him he got down from the chariot
after him he got down from the chariot to meet him is all well all is well my
to meet him is all well all is well my
to meet him is all well all is well my master has sent me saying indeed just
master has sent me saying indeed just
master has sent me saying indeed just now the two young men of the sons of the
now the two young men of the sons of the
now the two young men of the sons of the prophets have come to me from the
prophets have come to me from the
prophets have come to me from the mountains of Ephraim please and give
mountains of Ephraim please and give
mountains of Ephraim please and give them a talent of silver and two changes
them a talent of silver and two changes
them a talent of silver and two changes of garments please take two talents and
of garments please take two talents and
of garments please take two talents and he urged him and bound two talents of
he urged him and bound two talents of
he urged him and bound two talents of silver in two bags with two changes of
silver in two bags with two changes of
silver in two bags with two changes of garments and handed them to two of his
garments and handed them to two of his
garments and handed them to two of his servants and they carried them on ahead
servants and they carried them on ahead
servants and they carried them on ahead of him when he came to the Citadel he
of him when he came to the Citadel he
of him when he came to the Citadel he took them from their hand and stored
took them from their hand and stored
took them from their hand and stored them away in the house then he let the
them away in the house then he let the
them away in the house then he let the men go and they departed now he went in
men go and they departed now he went in
men go and they departed now he went in and stood before his master
Elijah said to him where did you go gay
Elijah said to him where did you go gay haze I your servant did not go anywhere
haze I your servant did not go anywhere
haze I your servant did not go anywhere did not my heart go with you when the
did not my heart go with you when the
did not my heart go with you when the man turned back from his chariot to meet
man turned back from his chariot to meet
man turned back from his chariot to meet you is it time to receive money and to
you is it time to receive money and to
you is it time to receive money and to receive clothing olive groves and
receive clothing olive groves and
receive clothing olive groves and vineyards sheep and oxen male and female
vineyards sheep and oxen male and female
vineyards sheep and oxen male and female servants
servants
servants therefore the leprosy of Mammon shall
therefore the leprosy of Mammon shall
therefore the leprosy of Mammon shall cling to you and your descendants
cling to you and your descendants
cling to you and your descendants forever and he went out from his
forever and he went out from his
forever and he went out from his presence leprous as white as snow